Hi, guys, cross account.
Access is another I am topic that can come up in the exam now.
I actually covered this particular diagram back in Section seven and we did a hands on lab and I showed
you how to set this up.
But right now I just want to recover off of you to refresh your memory.
So remember, you use cross account access when you have a user in one account who needs to access a
resource in another account.
So in this example, John wants to access an ESRI bucket, an account site, and he's an account B.
Now you need to give him a policy that allows John to assume a role in the other account.
And then you have a role in the other account of a policy applied to it.
And that provides access to the bucket.
So basically, John is assuming the role in the other account, then accessing the bucket, using the
permissions applied to that role.
So cross account access is useful for situations where an enterprise customer has separate accounts.
So you might have your development account and your production account and you need to be on access
resources with one.
I am user account across those different A.W. s accounts.
So that makes it easier to work productively within a multi account or multi role environment.
And you can switch roles within the AWB management console so you can sign into the console using your
IAM username and then switch the console to manage another account without having to log back in again
with a different username and password.
And this lets users from one account access resources another to make a request in a different account.
The resource in that account must have an attached resource base policy with the permissions you need
or you must assume a role.
So an identity based policy within that account with the permissions you need.
So that's probably about we need to know across account access.
And again, I would recommend going back to watch that lap if you haven't seen it already or you've
forgotten some of the contents, because you do need to understand how this works for the exam.